so here we are in Vegas at the
stratosphere and we've installed a
meridian on a ride called the sky jump
and the sky jump allows you to jump off
the top of the stratosphere at eight
hundred and fifty five feet or 260
meters and free fall down the side of
the building and so the reason we're
being brought in is because on the side
of the right here they have a GoPro and
we're using the Meridian to transmit
live pitches off the GoPro so they can
have it in the shop and also so they can
stream live the pictures to the internet
and so anywhere anyone in the world can
watch their friends jump off the top of
the building so here we have the GoPro
hdmi out of the GoPro and inside this
waterproof box we have a Meridian
transmitter and we have a HD hdmi to
hdmi converter to go into the Meridian
and then the transmitter is being
transmitted through these four antennas
so we have 4 205 sa NT 205's and so that
focuses all the power down towards the
ground and then on the received side of
things we have five antennas along this
railing so you can see there's one two
three four and then the fifth one is
over here and those five antennas are
pointing straight up to the top of the
building and they're all being fed
through LMR 400 which is just behind the
railing there and you can see them more
coming up in there
and then those four cables plus 05
cables five receive antennas then go and
decide this Pelican case which has a
meridian receiver inside there so we get
very nice and waterproof in the case and
so we get live pictures we have two more
jump from the top of the building and
right down the right down the ride so he
had live pictures all they done
something else is interesting is that
we've had some problems with the hdmi
arm at the GoPro with all the vibrations
of this ride it really causes some
issues and we're losing pictures because
the vibration when the wind hits these
cables over here it kind of creates this
frequency harmonic and these things kind
of vibrated around about guessing they
can probably just hear they're around
about 800,000 about eight hundred Hertz
and that vibration is I think going into
the HDMI connector and it's just really
kind of causing issues so interesting if
you're trying to do a job like this I'd
really recommend to get away from HDMI
we've done some testing with um with
some SDI cameras and it's perfect so I'd
use SDI cameras or even the very least
try component cameras components
probably more solid connector but HDMI I
find in this particular ride it's just
not working for them so we've got to get
away from that but that's the setup at
the stratosphere in vegas for the sky
jump and a Meridian transmitter